Update README (#153)
contiamo/restful-react: README.md

## Overview

At its core, `restful-react` exposes a [hook](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-intro.html), called `useGet`. This component retrieves data, either on mount or later, and then handles error states, loading states, and other cases for you. As such, you get a component that _gets stuff_ and then does stuff with it. Here's a quick overview what it looks like.

> [![Edit restful-react demos](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://codesandbox.io/s/restful-react-demos-vjets)

Reviewer: This Demo on Codesandbox is broken

<img width="868" alt="Screenshot 2019-10-15 at 15 34 06" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/639406/66836260-4fba8200-ef61-11e9-8587-0dfdac508351.png">

Author: Fixed~

```jsx
import React from "react";
import { useGet } from "restful-react";

const MyComponent = () => {
  const { data: randomDogImage } = useGet({
    path: "https://dog.ceo/api/breeds/image/random",
  });

  return <img alt="Here's a good boye!" src={randomDogImage && randomDogImage.message} />;
};

export default MyComponent;
```

## Getting Started

To install and use this library, install it by running `yarn add restful-react`, or `npm i restful-react --save` and you should be good to go. Don't forget to `import { useGet } from "restful-react"` or similar wherever you need it!

## Features

`restful-react` ships with the following features that we think might be useful.

### Global Configuration

REST API endpoints usually sit alongside a base, global URL. As a convenience, the `RestfulProvider` allows top-level configuration of your requests, that are then passed down the React tree to `useGet` hooks.

Consider,

> [![Edit restful-react demos](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://codesandbox.io/s/restful-react-demos-vjets)

Reviewer: Same demo link as the the one above. is it intentional?

Author: Yes.

        <h1>Welcome to my image getter!</h1>
        <button onClick={() => refetch()}>Get a good boye!</button>
      </div>
      <div>{randomDogImage && <img alt="Here's a good boye!" src={randomDogImage.message} />}</div>
    </div>
  );
};

export default MyComponent;
```

The above example will display your UI, and then load good boyes on demand.

### Response Resolution

Sometimes, your backend responses arrive in a shape that you might want to adapt, validate, or restructure. Other times, maybe your data consistently arrives in a `{ data: {} }` shape, with `data` containing the stuff you want.

At the `RestfulProvider` level, _or_ on the `useGet` level, a `resolve` prop will take the data and _do stuff_ to it, providing the final resolved or unwrapped data to the children. Consider,

[![Edit restful-react demos](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://codesandbox.io/s/restful-react-demos-vjets)

```jsx
import React from "react";
import { useGet } from "restful-react";

const MyComponent = () => {
  const { data: imageUrl } = useGet({
    path: "https://dog.ceo/api/breeds/image/random",
    resolve: image => image && image.message,
  });

>   return <img alt="Here's a good boye!" src={imageUrl} />;

Reviewer 2: this will show broken image for a moment, not sure if it matters for the exampls

Author: So would you suggest

```suggestion
  return imageUrl && <img alt="Here's a good boye!" src={imageUrl} />;
```

?

![Autocompletion on QueryParams](assets/idp.gif)

Please note that the above example was built using our [OpenAPI generator](#code-generation) in order to infer the type of component from the specification and automatically generate the entire type-safe component in a _very_ quick and easy way.

### Mutations with `useMutate`

`restful-react` exposes an additional hook called `useMutate`. These components allow sending requests with other HTTP verbs in order to mutate backend resources.

[![Edit restful-react demos](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://codesandbox.io/s/restful-react-demos-vjets)

```jsx
import React from "react";
import { useGet, useMutate } from "restful-react";

const base = "https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com";

const ListItem = ({ id, children }) => {
  const { mutate: del, loading } = useMutate({
    verb: "DELETE",
    path: `/posts/`,
    base,
  });

  return (
    <li key={id}>
      {loading ? (
        "Deleting..."
      ) : (

>         <a

Reviewer 2: use button instead of `onClick={e => { e.preventDefault();`?

          href="/"
          onClick={e => {
            e.preventDefault();
            del(id).then(() => alert("Deleted successfully. Pretend it got removed from the DOM."));
          }}
        >
          ❌
        </a>
      )}
      &nbsp;{children}
    </li>
  );
};

const MyHugeList = () => {
  const { data: posts } = useGet({
    path: "/posts",
    base,
  });
  return (
    <div>
      <h1>Posts</h1>
      <ul>
        {posts &&
          posts.map(post => (
            <ListItem key={post.id} id={post.id}>
              {post.title}
            </ListItem>
          ))}
      </ul>
    </div>
  );
};
export default MyHugeList;
```

> `useMutate` is strongly typed, and provides intelligent autocompletion out of the box, complete with available verbs et al.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`useMutate` is strongly typed, and provides intelligent autocompletion out of the box, complete with available verbs etc.
```

My guess `et al.` is less know  than `etc.` or `and others`.

Author: ```suggestion
`useMutate` is strongly typed, and provides intelligent autocompletion out of the box, complete with available verbs.
```

Author: Let's just drop it.

</Poll>
```

`Poll` supports:

- an `interval` prop that will poll at a specified interval (defaults to polling 1 second), and
- an `until` prop that accepts a condition expressed as a function that returns a boolean value. When this condition is met, polling will stop.

>   - the signature of this function is `(data: T, response: ResponseInit) => boolean`. As a developer, you have access to the returned data, along with the response object in case you'd like to stop polling if `response.ok === false`, for example.

Reviewer 2: not part of the list. Make it a paragraph

![Contiamo Poll](docs/long-poll-flow.png).

To get this functionality in `restful-react`, this means specifying a `wait` prop on your `Poll` component, provided your server implements this specification as well.

#### [Full `Poll` Component API](src/Poll.tsx#L53-L101)

### Code Generation

> `restful-react` is able to generate _type-safe_ React components from any valid OpenAPI v3 or Swagger v2 specification, either in `yaml` or `json` formats.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`restful-react` is able to generate React components with appropriate type-signatures (TypeScript) from any valid OpenAPI v3 or Swagger v2 specification, either in `yaml` or `json` formats.
```

?
